README.md, before:

# reactive programming with webflux
Some sample code solving specific problems with spring boot webflux. The tutorials accompanying each sample project are all on [nickolasfisher.com](https://nickolasfisher.com/Home)

## Tutorials

### AWS

- [How to Send SQS Messages to Localstack with the AWS Java SDK 2.0](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Send-SQS-Messages-to-Localstack-with-the-AWS-Java-SDK-20)
- [How to Setup a Reactive SQS Listener Using the AWS SDK and Spring Boot](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Setup-a-Reactive-SQS-Listener-Using-the-AWS-SDK-and-Spring-Boot)
- [Publishing to SNS in Java with the AWS SDK 2.0](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/Publishing-to-SNS-in-Java-with-the-AWS-SDK-20)

### WebClient

- [How to Make Sequential API Calls and Merge the Results In Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Make-Sequential-API-Calls-and-Merge-the-Results-In-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Make Parallel API calls in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Make-Parallel-API-calls-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Have a Fallback on Errors Calling Downstream Services in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Have-a-Fallback-on-Errors-Calling-Downstream-Services-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Automatically Retry on a Webclient Timeout in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Automatically-Retry-on-a-Webclient-Timeout-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)

### Redis

- [How to use Embedded Redis to Test a Lettuce Client in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-use-Embedded-Redis-to-Test-a-Lettuce-Client-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to use a Redis Test Container with Lettuce/Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-use-a-Redis-Test-Container-with-LettuceSpring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Configure Lettuce to connect to a local Redis Instance with Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Configure-Lettuce-to-connect-to-a-local-Redis-Instance-with-Webflux)
- [How to Configure Lettuce to use Redis Read Replicas in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Configure-Lettuce-to-use-Redis-Read-Replicas-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [Configuring Lettuce to work with Clustered Redis](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/Configuring-Lettuce-to-work-with-Clustered-Redis)
- [Breaking down Lettuce MSET Commands in Clustered Redis](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/Breaking-down-Lettuce-MSET-Commands-in-Clustered-Redis)

### Caching

- [In-Memory Caching in Sprint Boot Webflux/Project Reactor](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/InMemory-Caching-in-Sprint-Boot-WebfluxProject-Reactor)
- [How to use Caffeine Caches Effectively in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-use-Caffeine-Caches-Effectively-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)

### Misc/Best Practices

- [How to Mock Dependencies and Unit Test in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Mock-Dependencies-and-Unit-Test-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to use Mock Server to End to End Test Any WebClient Calls in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-use-Mock-Server-to-End-to-End-Test-Any-WebClient-Calls-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Forward Request Headers to Downstream Services in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Forward-Request-Headers-to-Downstream-Services-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [A Guide to Automatic Retries in Reactor](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/A-Guide-to-Automatic-Retries-in-Reactor)

Commit message:

read me, clustered redis, string types

README.md, after:

# reactive programming with webflux
Some sample code solving specific problems with spring boot webflux. The tutorials accompanying each sample project are all on [nickolasfisher.com](https://nickolasfisher.com/Home)

## Tutorials

### AWS

- [How to Send SQS Messages to Localstack with the AWS Java SDK 2.0](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Send-SQS-Messages-to-Localstack-with-the-AWS-Java-SDK-20)
- [How to Setup a Reactive SQS Listener Using the AWS SDK and Spring Boot](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Setup-a-Reactive-SQS-Listener-Using-the-AWS-SDK-and-Spring-Boot)
- [Publishing to SNS in Java with the AWS SDK 2.0](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/Publishing-to-SNS-in-Java-with-the-AWS-SDK-20)

### WebClient

- [How to Make Sequential API Calls and Merge the Results In Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Make-Sequential-API-Calls-and-Merge-the-Results-In-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Make Parallel API calls in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Make-Parallel-API-calls-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Have a Fallback on Errors Calling Downstream Services in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Have-a-Fallback-on-Errors-Calling-Downstream-Services-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Automatically Retry on a Webclient Timeout in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Automatically-Retry-on-a-Webclient-Timeout-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)

### Redis

- [How to use Embedded Redis to Test a Lettuce Client in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-use-Embedded-Redis-to-Test-a-Lettuce-Client-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to use a Redis Test Container with Lettuce/Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-use-a-Redis-Test-Container-with-LettuceSpring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Configure Lettuce to connect to a local Redis Instance with Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Configure-Lettuce-to-connect-to-a-local-Redis-Instance-with-Webflux)
- [Working with String Types in Redis using Lettuce and Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/Working-with-String-Types-in-Redis-using-Lettuce-and-Webflux)

#### More advanced redis topics

- [How to Configure Lettuce to use Redis Read Replicas in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Configure-Lettuce-to-use-Redis-Read-Replicas-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [Configuring Lettuce to work with Clustered Redis](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/Configuring-Lettuce-to-work-with-Clustered-Redis)
- [Breaking down Lettuce MSET Commands in Clustered Redis](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/Breaking-down-Lettuce-MSET-Commands-in-Clustered-Redis)
- [Using Hashtags in Clustered Redis with Lettuce](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/Using-Hashtags-in-Clustered-Redis-with-Lettuce)

### Caching

- [In-Memory Caching in Sprint Boot Webflux/Project Reactor](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/InMemory-Caching-in-Sprint-Boot-WebfluxProject-Reactor)
- [How to use Caffeine Caches Effectively in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-use-Caffeine-Caches-Effectively-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)

### Misc/Best Practices

- [How to Mock Dependencies and Unit Test in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Mock-Dependencies-and-Unit-Test-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to use Mock Server to End to End Test Any WebClient Calls in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-use-Mock-Server-to-End-to-End-Test-Any-WebClient-Calls-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [How to Forward Request Headers to Downstream Services in Spring Boot Webflux](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/How-to-Forward-Request-Headers-to-Downstream-Services-in-Spring-Boot-Webflux)
- [A Guide to Automatic Retries in Reactor](https://nickolasfisher.com/blog/A-Guide-to-Automatic-Retries-in-Reactor)
